What is this 'Amma's place'?
It's completely changed in 2 years.
I'm talking to you.
Did you know as well?
You're here?
You knew, right?
What?
That she was faking
the pregnancy.
So embarrassing, man.
Now what will I say to my family.
They are celebrating it
there like crazy...
One minute, why are so stressed?
What will you say to your family?
Or what will you answer to your people?
The celebrations will get canceled?
This is what you're concerned about?
You aren't concerned
about where Chanchal
and your relationship is heading?
I came here to fix that, man!
And here I hear about,
the fake pregnancy thing.
She shouldn’t have lied.
You also lied, right?
All this royalty bullshit,
combing your mustache etc.
This is all a lie, right?
Are you allowed to lie?
What's the current situation?
The fight is on.
I thought that,
since she lied,
I'll have an upper hand but
she's playing on the front foot.
Did you see my mom and dad?
Haven't seen mom,
but dad is inside.
I'll just...
Yeah.
Welcome, son.
How are you, divorcee?
Dad?
Arey, have a sense of humour, son.
Yeah
What are you doing?
Come here.
Daughter is already here and sulking.
Yeah, but she isn't divorced yet.
She was almost there.
Trust me.
Dad, I fail to understand how
easily you joke about everything.
Son, I fail to understand how you
manage to take
everything so seriously?
Anyway...
Let's have some whiskey.
Where's mom?
And what is Amma's place?
I'll tell you.
Whiskey on the rocks?
Dad, it's time for tea.
But the mood goes with alcohol.
Close your nose and gulp it.
Oh my... I'm terribly sorry.
Did you get hurt?
Umm, no.
You are?
I'm Chelsea.
Hi.
Chanchal.
Oh my God! You're Charu's daughter?
Hey.
What's up?
What is this, bro?
-Beautiful, right?
-Chitvan.
You look like a junior artist from X-men.
Chitvan.
You're the youngest one, aren't you?
Yeah, sorry.
That's my brother, Chitvan,
And that's Chelsea.
And that is...
My sister.
Varanasi.
Are these your names or your birth places?
Both.
Sharon has told me
so much about you guys.
I'm glad you could
make it for the game.
Game?
Doesn't amma's place
sound South Indian?
A big group of foreigners was here.
On their way from Pondicherry
and Kerala.
Sayingl "amma, amma" and all.
They named it.
Made the website,
did all the bookings etc.
So you've turned the
family home into a resort?
Not a resort.
Foreigners call it home stay.
Feels like home
Yeah, there have been a lot
of offers for my haveli too.
Rajasthan tourism wants it really bad...
But dad, what about safety?
Ask your mother the rest.
Anyway it was her idea.
I will go and prepare
for the tournament.
It's SPL finals today.
SPL?
Something Premier League, I guess?
Which game begins with S?
Soccer?
Swimming?
Sudoku?
Shot put?
Squash?
It could be skiing.
Or PL isn't premier league!
And S is sponsor's.
Sponsor?
Sponsored Premier League?
You just talk shit.
You guess, then.
I think it's something really simple.
Everybody will participate.
Hey!
There she is.
You're here finally!
I heard about your escapades.
Hey
Nice look, Chits.
I like it!
Thanks, mom.
Have you guys met Varanasi and Chelsea?
Yeah.
I'll introduce the rest later.
Let's go inside now.
I have brought some mind-blowing
brownies from Sangmo's bakery.
One second, mom, when
did all this happen?
It's been a long time.
I told you.
You didn't tell me.
Must have told him.
Oh.
Is there some stress
between you both?
All three of us.
All four.
Pranav is also here.
Oh!
Full family reunion.
Come on,
Let's prepare for the tournament.
Yeah, mom, what is
this match and all?
Yeah, mom, what is SPL?
Satoliya Pithu Laghori.
It's got different names
in different places.
So your dad named it this.
Wow.
I would've never guessed that.
Mom, these foreign chics
are gonna play Satoliya?
They're bloody good at it.
You'll be shocked.
Hey!
What's this?
Fine.
Thank goodness you're here, Charu.
Chandan has a lot of questions and...
They're carrying a lot of baggage.
Well emotional baggage is my forte.
Hasn't it been a decade since
you were a psychologist, mom?
But I can't stop being a mom
even if I want to, right?
When did you become so uptight?
You aren't like either
of your parents.
These aren't genetics, Charu.
These are the logistics of divorce.
My poor child.
He's so insensitive.
Responsible.
I heard a lot about you.
He was constantly bitching about you
two on the phone while en route.
But didn't say a word
about his exploits.
Maybe we should talk.
Let's at least pretend that we
like each other while we're here.
That's the problem.
I don't want to pretend.
I can't do it anymore.
Guys, let's just fight
and finish it off!
Shut up, man!
How's the brownie?
Mom, I needed to...
They're good.
They're really good.
I wanted to talk to you about something...
Can you jut take them out
and put them on that plate.
Put it in the microwave please.
Mom...
I don't know if you know but...
You know
Chanchal and I...
No no no. I don't know
if I want to know.
Unless she is pregnant.
Is she?
That's what.
She said that she was.
But no.
Oh!
False alarm, huh?
False?
She lied to me, mom.
Yeah, well.
That happens.
In our relationship...
There are some problems.
That also happens.
I just don't...
These are awesome by the way.
Just stunning.
I just don't think that
she is happy with me.
Okay.
She isn't happy with you
in this moment, right?
And if these moments become
frequent then she'll leave you.
Which would be the best
for everyone, right?
Put them in this tray.
No, I mean...
I don't want her
to leave me, mom.
Are you happy with her?
Yeah, I mean...
I think...
I guess I'm happy.
Pranav, honestly.
Honestly, in today's world.
No one is forcing the two
of you to live together, right?
I know.
There's tradition,
there's convention, etc.
I mean people curse modernization
saying nothing is sacred anymore.
But you know what,
I don't agree.
I think now everyone
has a way to get out.
And if still they are in it,
then
they want to be there more or less.
Right?
Mom, I...
I really love her.
And I want to make this work.
I do.
That's a good start.
How many did you
put in the micro?
Six, I think.
I don't know, I ate like two or three.
You were saying something
about you and Chanchal.
No, I'll sort it out.
Actually, the thing is, mom
These days,
I'm not really me.
There's another Pranav which I think,
I have to be at times.
And
Chanchal doesn't like him.
In fact even I don't like him.
Who?
The other Pranav.
I don't like him.
I don't
like him.
But, you know, I don't know.
Is that me? You know what I mean.
You know?
Is that me?
That...
You know, that me?
Is that me?
Or is this?
You know...
Is this the me?
You know this me?
You know this...
This...
Mom, what's in the brownies?
Sangmo's love.
And?
Just bring that tray out please.
What's inside?
Mom.
Sangmo.
Well, I like both of you.
Genuinely.
I don't really get the issues also.
What can I do?
My mistakes certainly don't help.
But I love you guys.
You hate me and my new look.
True.
Anyway,
I don't have much of a
problem with you two.
What if I have a problem?
And yes, I do have a problem
with your new look.
The colour faded?
Did you put boot polish on hair?
Baba, I told you na.
It gets better.
It's getting camouflaged
in the jungle.
Hey, guys.
Sorry.
Is it a bad time?
Not at all.
Hi.
Sorry.
That's Chealsea
and that's our elder brother, Chandan.
Yeah.
Baba, don't look at me.
Party has come to us
and not the other way round.
If she suits you then tell me.
I'll hit on her sister.
Anything for you.
What are you doing?
She's seeing you.
All right.
Charu asked me to tell
you guys to join us.
Yeah. The match starts soon.
Yeah, we'll come and watch.
Well, I was kind of hoping that
you three come and play as well.
Make that four.
I'm in.
Pranav?
He shaved!
Welcome to SPL - Satoliya Pithu Laghori,
Season 4 everybody.
Now teams.
On my right, we have
his highness,
alien,
sweetheart
and Varanasi.
On my left, we have,
freshly divorced Chandan,
last year's heavyweight - Chelsea,
Chanchal
and this guy!
Now rules.
One team will destroy
this building
with the ball and try to rebuild it.
And the other team
Will beat the crap out of them.
So...
Most importantly,
no one cheats.
Follow the rules.
Start!
Just watch us.
Come on
Cheating!
Mom, this is cheating.
Awesome brownies.
They contain Sangmomo's love.
-Sangmo.
-Sangmo. Sangmo's love.
Chanchal, your mom is awesome.
Baba.
Yeah?
Why don't you hit on Varanasi?
No.
Why?
Chelsea.
Yes, Chelsea will be fine.
Chelsea is fine, right?
The name works out well.
See,
Charu,
Chinmay,
Cha-Cha,
Chandan,
Paula.
Cha-Pa.
No,
it fails right from the very name.
Cha-Pa, even the name has chutiyapa.
(Foolishness)
Dad, I and Pranav are Cha-Pa.
How?
What?
Pranav.
Pa.
But you're also a chutiya (fool). Cha.
Papa!
True.
Hello, I'm a chutiya.
Chanchal, your dad is also awesome.
Now, only Chitvan has
to find a Cha for him.
There is one already, Charas.
Awesome family.
Awesome, awesome.
♫ She tells everything ♫
♫ Doesn't hide anything ♫
♫ These smiles of yours ♫
♫ Are my friends ♫
♫ When she looks angry ♫
♫ Or is irrated ♫
What happened?
Nothing at all.
I thought,
I'll come to India after the divorce
and meet you guys...
Made it somehow.
Now what?
There's no plan for the future.
Don't think so hard about the future
that you forget to cherish the present.
In this moment, this whiskey is amazing,
the music is all right,
there's cool breeze.
Cherish it.
Dad, I am not cherishing it.
I'm feeling cold.
Use this shawl.
That was simple.
Most things are.
I used to be like you before.
Planning, system, clarity, chuityapa.
One day, your mother asked me,
"why are you running so much?"
Kids are gone and working on their lives.
Fighting their fights.
What are you doing?
I said, no,
I'll work more.
Make some investments,
get some more properties.
Secure their future.
She said,
"Will we leave our kids
with a reason to fight?"
"Like everyone else."
So after we're gone,
they fight over money and property.
I said no,
We'll leave them a place where
they only get happiness.
This is what we built.
Amma's place.
You'll only get happiness here.
Make money on your own.
I never said anything to you.
But...
Son, I love you.
And I respect you.
I love you too, dad.
Baba, you're beautiful.
You know what I'm saying, right?
That last night was good.
It was a good night.
And I don't have any good news
right now but...
It's possible.
Pranav and you are sorted?
Yeah.
At least for the time being.
Let's see what happens
once we go back.
Where were you guys last night?
Why didn't you join us?
Chilling with Dad.
What was he saying?
That they won't leave us any money.
What?
Yeah, he was talking like a saint.
Baba seemed really impressed.
Even you could have impressed
me in that atmosphere.
I'm telling you it was
all due to the brownies.
Pranav was also talking to me
in Marwari last night.
Our parents drugged us.
I love it!
No, we'll manage.
There's a lot of time.
There's time.
Mom, I'm trying.
By the way,
Chelsea was asking about you.
I knew it.
Not you.
Me?
Yeah, they'll come.
How many do you want?
Let's go.
Yeah, dad, but where?
Where ever the road takes us.
You people go ahead.
I was thinking about
going out with Pranav.
So you guys carry on.
Yeah, I had to go somewhere
to meet someone.
You guys enjoy.
Who is it?
What's your plan in life now?
Mom,
don't think so hard about the future,
that you forget to cherish the present.
In this moment,
i'm going to meet Chelsea.
Post that,
we'll see what happens.
Woah!
Son of a bitch,
Stole my line.
Excuse me.
It was my line.
Yeah, but whom did
you call a bitch?
What?
That's horrible, dad.
Not done.
Give me the keys.
Dad, I’ll drive.
Give it.
Listen, let me drive.
I drive, man.
You love your Tiago so much?